README.md, before:

Use JavaScript functionally, you must!

You must unlearn what you have learned.

Core concepts:

  * Designed to be curried, all loda functions are. Last, most-significant
    arguments come. Yes, hmmm.

  * Kitchen sink Loda is not. Minimal functional toolkit, it is. Build complex
    functionality from it, you can.

  * Sequence comprehensions like `map` and `reduce` operate on ES6 Iterables,
    and not Arrays or Objects. This makes Loda compatible with anything that can
    be iterated including not just Arrays and Objects, but the ES6 collections
    Map and Set, Strings, `arguments` objects, and third-party data structures
    like [`immutable`](https://github.com/facebook/immutable-js).

  * Sequence comprehensions return unfulfilled Iterables. This makes them lazy,
    allowing for performant chained operations and allows them to reify to any
    Array, Object or any kind of data structure.


Contribution
------------

Use [Github issues](https://github.com/leebyron/loda/issues) for requests.

Pull requests actively welcomed.

Commit message:

A ton of work here,
* Remove `call`.
* `apply` accepts lazy arguments.
* Fix bug with Symbol.iterator
* Add `unzip`
* Add `concat`
* Copious TODOs now litter the code
* `memoIterable` is now idempotent
* Add `accumulate`
* Add `expand`
* Rename a bunch of the Monad methods
* Treat Iterable as Monad
* Treat Promise as Monad
* Add `joinM`
* Add `filterM`
* Add `reduceM`
* Promise constructor that accepts Maybe
* Maybe is idempotent
* Add `Maybe.Error` as a substitute for `Either`.

README.md, after:

Use JavaScript functionally pure, you must!

Core concepts
-------------

  * Designed to be curried, all loda functions are. Last, most-significant
    arguments come. Yes, hmmm.

  * Kitchen sink Loda is not. Minimal functional toolkit, it is. Build complex
    functionality from it, you can.

  * Sequence comprehensions like `map` and `reduce` operate on ES6 Iterables,
    and not Arrays or Objects. This makes Loda compatible with anything that can
    be iterated including not just Arrays and Objects, but the ES6 collections
    Map and Set, Strings, `arguments` objects, and third-party data structures
    like [`immutable`](https://github.com/facebook/immutable-js).

  * Sequence comprehensions return unfulfilled Iterables. This makes them lazy,
    allowing for performant chained operations and allows them to reify to any
    Array, Object or any kind of data structure.

  * Monads `Maybe` and `Promise` tackle two of Javascript's gnarliest problems:
    error-handling and asyncronicity.


Disclaimer
----------

Loda is totally experimental. No guarantees are made to it working correctly,
however [specs/](./specs/) illustrates Loda's test coverage.


Contribution
------------

Use [Github issues](https://github.com/leebyron/loda/issues) for requests.

Pull requests actively welcomed.
